Thank something you might have strapped to use that dildo
Top seven answers on the board ladies, here we go name a number that most men exaggerate a
Hundred a hundred
Joël their height their height
Their age
Yeah horsemanship
Point values is double
top six answers on the board
We asked 100 women name something you'd love Steve Harvey to teach your man how to do better
Me and Dave is the two most surprised
Our address
Triples we've got the top 4 answers on the board name something that gets hard when it gets cold Oh
water water
You want to pass the ball we will play they're gonna pray breathe
Point values triple this could win it for new jeans right now ape name something that gets hard when it gets cold. How about
nipples
No, I know it's true a but yeah
I'm just trying to keep the show together a season just one
Just let me get a seasoning
All right, that's my son there I know my son I know what your son
Thanks for bringing him to
Name a word or phrase that starts with pot pot luck
Hothead
Pot pie like chicken pot pie
Miss Laura
It's on you ma'am. It's only two strikes. Don't let that pressure get to you
Hey
If it's they're still alive is not the other team can steal so it's not do or die right now
Name a word or phrase it starts with pot
potato
Starts with pot we all know no one says pot tato
I'm gonna just start walking towards
Nothing personal I just want to just see if is up there tight Oh
You older you know more than I do I
Forgive me please alive
Folks here. We go. Point values are doubled on this one
So it's gonna be worth a little bit more top five answers on the board name a kind of crack
Crackhead
I
Am I work for the largest paycheck a roll company in the country are
Motivated I'm highly intelligent. I have a degree
My answer is that hey
Let's go look for the crack
Shut up
Luke two answers can top that i'ma try sidewalk
You know when richard dawson was doing this show crackhead hadn't even been invented
Tracy name a kind of crack butt crack
What crack
This show is going to hail
Oh
Girl you finally got here I did. I'm so darn excited
I bet I can turn I won't even touch wanting to get on a few
Yeah, and you know what now that I'm out here and I met you and I think you're all right then if he passes away
And you're divorced. I'm giving you my phone number
No, sir, no money no, I don't like I'll call me
My wife why not
She probably shopping right now
You hate shopping
But I'm real good with sex so you might want to keep her
So how y'all doing
You doing okay. Oh
That's first time I've been on this show and I ain't damn famous
You don't you can't there's no comeback
I'm so excited to meet you seeing good. I'm happy to meet y'all. You're good looking at home. I
Have a couple of jobs. Okay, like you have a couple full-time jobs. I'm a public speaking coach ultimately though
It's I'm a product of the American dream. Yeah, yeah and
That's what I want to share with you today like my family
We share one thing us five. Our parents all janitors all janitors all generators come from Korea
Okay, all of us, so what you see today, it's the result of their hard work. So
Yeah, so what you say it why is all y'all did come up
Yeah, what you see today? That's to come up right there. Yeah. Yeah, you're working you working to make the parents proud
But not just the parents proud. It's making us proud too and the future generations proud too. That's
What do you do, uh Heidi so my husband and I we own an e-commerce website Pole
But II direct and we put tasty black balls in people's mouths
a
Lot of people gonna need an explanation slowly I'm more than happy to provide one. Yeah. Sorry. It's a full bar drink
You got a nice friend
Wonderful family beautiful personalities. Thank you ladies for making it real nice to have you here now listen to me. Let's do it
for the janitors
Yeah, it's only one answer left
They're really doing well over here Chris big guys up to you name something a carjacker would hate to find in the car. Yes, though
it's tough day a
snake
I'm pulled on from that look back in snake back in any one ready get that
I'm 5 min, you know what my plans to be stuck around today that look for the snake
This game never stops about
Islands out there DME back yet. Let me be I believe any good on download now
Let's move on to question two. Give me Jeannette. Give me Stephanie. Let's go
Snake Steve I said Oh George good that can't be up there. I'm a judge watch this
Wow, I don't know how you did that man great answer Wow
Name something when the winner was obviously designed by man because it's uncomfortable but sex hmm
Texas Steve Texas
Are you crazy
You